# Cantango Configuration

Configuration for [CanTango](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/cantango).

## Status: Dec 1 2011

The Configuration DSL has now been almost fully "spec'ed".

## Dependencies

This extension depends on the CanTango [core](https://github.com/kristianmandrup/cantango-core) and follows the extension conventions as described there.

## Core extensions

* YAML Loader - use of Config to set where (which folder) to load the YAML file from

## Configuration

Configuration allows configuration of the following components:

* Ability
* Account
* Accounts
* Adapters
* Categories
* Debug
* Engines
* Guest
* Hooks
* Localhosts
* Models
* Modes
* Orms
* User
* Users

Example: 

```ruby
CanTango.config.accounts do |accounts|
  # configure accounts
end
```

## Contributing to cantango-config
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

